** 1) What would you like to work on? **

I would like to develop an agentic AI system that trains and tests a deep learning spatio-temporal forecasting model for multivariate time series data. I want to reuse the MTGNN forecasting model developed in “Connecting the Dots: Multivariate Time Series Forecasting with Graph Neural Networks” by Zonghan Wu (KDD 2020). The MTGNN model is also available through the PyTorch Geometric Temporal library (open-source Python code with documentation). The authors provide the links to preprocessed and reformatted versions of the multivariate time series data used in their case studies.  

** 2)	What should your AI system do? **
My agentic system will take the following inputs from the user via an LLM interface (OpenAI): user choice of MTGNN model hyperparameters (with LLM-implemented constraints/guardrails), user choice of dataset and forecasting objective (hourly electricity consumption in Portugal, road occupancy rate in California, or solar power production from multiple plants in Alabama). The agentic AI system will download the correct preprocessed dataset from GitHub (one dataset out of four options). Then, it will locally run a Python script (written by me) that processes the data and trains the deep learning model. Finally, it will output a report, in markdown format, with information about the model’s performance (various metrics computed on the test dataset). The report should also include a summary of the model architecture, obtained by combining information from the PyTorch Geometric Temporal documentation and the original MTGNN paper (summary of two textual datasets). 

** 3) Does it need any external data? **
The original MTGNN paper is here: https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.11650.  The code for the MTGNN model can be downloaded from the GitHub of the authors (https://github.com/nnzhan/MTGNN) or from the GitHub of PyTorch Geometric Temporal (https://github.com/benedekrozemberczki/pytorch_geometric_temporal/blob/adefe44265ad8faf239fd6cf3b59b95ca3ee60aa/torch_geometric_temporal/nn/attention/mtgnn.py). The corresponding documentation is available via PyTorch Geometric Temporal (https://pytorch-geometric-temporal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/root.html#torch_geometric_temporal.nn.attention.mtgnn.MTGNN). The multivariate spatially-localized time series data needed for training and testing can be downloaded from this GitHub link: https://github.com/laiguokun/multivariate-time-series-data. All four datasets have been preprocessed and formatted similarly. 
